# Meeting Minutes: 7/7/2019

Participants:

- Abby Lynn
- Liam Bryan

Legend

> ! = Task or Goal
>
> ? = Question or Up For Debate

### General Tasks & Questions

CSIT naming scheme and general approach to accessibility!

Free code camp challenge before fall quarter due?

### Bylaws

​    Required credits per quarter for leadership?
​    Alumni participation question?
​    Advisors from all relevant departments(CS, IBIT, plus other departments)!

Create club charter and by laws!
    Responsibilities of leadership!
        Quantitate goals and Responsibilities!
    Allow for co presidency and co vice presidency?
        Pull from Roberts rules and other well renowned college clubs!
    Town hall 3-6 times a quarter?
    Create template for regular meetings!
        Ask what people want from or in the meetings!
        Ask in chat on discord what the club members want from a club!
            Have open suggestion board
    Project managers that operate teams and have functions and tasks
    Hierarchy similar to summer camp structure
        Asking what club members want from activities

Abby emailed Evan and I about constitution and club stuff

Meet with Abby about form and discord training

Updating and maintaining the CS webpage
    Task it out to somebody

PM's and Scrum teams
    Encourage and maybe require some sort of outside scrum meeting action

Multiple meeting times

Discord, git, scrum, and Roberts rules trainings

Workshops and other regular activities

How long are the by laws in effect for
    One school year
    or next club
    or somebody decides to make adjustment
        Current leadership can set regulations of changes

### DEFCON Trip

17th of July hard deadline
    15th of July deadline interest form and attendee sign up

Interest form redo (Cant be a personal google form, Abby will provide email for club)!
    If it is a google form, it has to be tied to a staff on campus
    Preferred SharePoint form method
    Any form system that can allow signup with BC email

Create hotel excel sheet for Lyneen!

Post on computer science group and the webpage about joining the discord!
    Other methods of allowing people to join the discord!
    Discord security!
    Makeover!

### Summer meeting times!

Possible meeting locations

​    N building
​    L lobby
​    Collaboratory

